PROJECT: Modified Readme (#3)
MintzyG/Lets-Learn: README.md

# Let's-Learn

## Goals:

Let's Learn's goals are to compile multiple teaching sources of various languages and to teach people through code and its comments how to code in their desired language.

> The project is currently at its infancy and only has me working on it, focusing on the language Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is currently at its infancy and only two people working on it, focusing on the language Go.
```
